Subject: Site Assessment Coordination for New Project

---

Hi Terry,

I hope you're doing well. As part of our ongoing efforts to expand the sustainability initiatives at Merck, we need to conduct an environmental impact assessment for the proposed expansion of our manufacturing facility in Rahway, NJ.

Could you assist with the preliminary site survey that needs to be completed by October 20th? Your expertise in land and geomatics would be invaluable in assessing the terrain and existing infrastructure for environmental risks. We’ll need to map out the areas of concern and identify any potential issues with soil contamination or local wildlife habitats.

Please let me know your availability for a meeting next week to discuss the project timeline and specific survey requirements. Also, if you have any preliminary questions or need additional information, feel free to reach out.

Looking forward to collaborating with you on this project.

Best,
Lisa Grimes  
Environmental Consultant  
oscarhutchinson@example.net  
(555) 123-4567  

---

Subject: Re: Site Assessment Coordination for New Project

Hi Lisa,

Thanks for reaching out. I’d be glad to help with the site survey for the Rahway expansion. I agree that it’s important to ensure we’re considering all environmental factors before proceeding.

I’m available for a meeting next Wednesday, October 11th, anytime in the morning. Does that work for you? We can discuss the scope of work and any specific areas of concern you might already have in mind.

Also, I’ll prepare some preliminary data on the site's geography and past assessments that might be useful. I’ll bring those to our meeting.

Looking forward to working together on this. 

Best regards,
Terry Conley  
Surveyor, Land/Geomatics  
rlong@example.com  
(555) 654-3210  

---

Subject: Re: Site Assessment Coordination for New Project

Hi Terry,

Wednesday morning works perfectly for me. Let’s meet at 10:00 AM in Conference Room B at the Main Office. Thanks for bringing the preliminary data—having that context will be really helpful.

If anything changes or you need to reschedule, just let me know. Otherwise, I’ll see you then!

Best,  
Lisa